Ixxat CAN FD support (#1119)
hardbyte/python-can: doc/interfaces/ixxat.rst

> RX and TX FIFO sizes are configurable with ``rxFifoSize`` and ``txFifoSize``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RX and TX FIFO sizes are configurable with ``rx_fifo_size`` and ``tx_fifo_size``
```
